A Christian girl aged 23. Who has been adopted by a couple from Barishal, Bangladesh when she was only three years old. After someday the couple had fights and they decided to send the girl into an church orphanage. The girl was brutally raped by the church fathers even his dad who adopted her has raped her. She has been sexually assaulted too many times in her life. So she has a trauma about it. Now in present she lives in Dhaka doing her postgraduate degree and beside she's working as a part time teacher in a kindergarten school. Although she's friendless. She meets a guy from her University. She thought he's someone different from other guys, he understands her words and tragedy. One day she ask him to come over her house as she lives alone. She actually wanted to propose him that night. The boy came and she proposed him, He said yes and they started to make out by kissing each other. She then said let's have BDSM I have elements here. She asks to be the dominator and the guy agrees. She gave him a blowjob and suddenly she has gone into her trauma phase and started smashing his penis using a sandpaper what she has brought yesterday for some car painting works. The boy shouts loud for pain but as his hands and legs are folded he couldn’t help himself. The girl lay beside him after sometime and go asleep. The boy was senseless. When he opens his eyes he sees bloods and his hands are free the girl is still there. He runs and manages to escape her house. There was a hospital near her house. The guy runs there and asks to help him. There was this duty doctor named Tasnia Rahman. Who has STD and she hates the guys who come to her with STD. Cause she couldn’t be a BCS Cadre for her STD and she has to pay a lot to live. Her boyfriend gave her a injection of heroin when she was in medical college. That injection had STD virus later she finds out when the authority asked for a formal medical checkup. From then she hates them who has STD. Tasnia asks the boy to lay in a bed and she gave her a saline, after sometime she pushed insulin to the saline bag and the guy dies from overdose. Anyway she later notices that the boy has some letters written in his chest. She tries to read and it says RAPIST. The cristian girl wrote that after smashing his penis. After this incident the dead body handed over to his family. They didn’t file a case as they don't want the world to know about his scars in penis. The same story happened several times and no one has filed a case. Police had no Idea about this before one day they finds a guy in road at midnight and take him to hospital. The guy then started telling police about the cristian girl.  She tells every guy about them she has killed. she told the guy that they wanted to rape her and she then vanished their penis. Anyway the police catches the girl and asks her where are the other guys but she can't tell them anything as she don't know.  
